Add support for etcd logs (#7431)
DataDog/integrations-core: etcd/README.md

To configure this check for an Agent running on a host:

##### Metric collection

1. Edit the `etcd.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3] to start collecting your Etcd performance data. See the [sample etcd.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.
2. [Restart the Agent][5]

##### Log collection

1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent, enable it in your `datadog.yaml` file:

    ```yaml
    logs_enabled: true
    ```

> 2. Add this configuration block to your `etcd.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your etcd logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Uncomment and edit this configuration block at the bottom of your `etcd.d/conf.yaml`:
```

To configure this check for an Agent running on a host:

##### Metric collection

1. Edit the `etcd.d/conf.yaml` file, in the `conf.d/` folder at the root of your [Agent's configuration directory][3] to start collecting your Etcd performance data. See the [sample etcd.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.
2. [Restart the Agent][5]

##### Log collection

> 
> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

    ```yaml
    logs_enabled: true
    ```

2. Add this configuration block to your `etcd.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your etcd logs:

    ```yaml
    logs:
      - type: file
        path: "<LOG_FILE_PATH>"
        source: etcd
        service: "<SERVICE_NAME>"
    ```

    Change the `path` and `service` parameter values based on your environment. See the [sample etcd.d/conf.yaml][4] for all available configuration options.

3. [Restart the Agent][5].

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Containerized" xxx -->

#### Containerized

For containerized environments, see the [Autodiscovery Integration Templates][6] for guidance on applying the parameters below.

##### Metric collection

| Parameter            | Value                                                |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `<INTEGRATION_NAME>` | `etcd`                                               |
| `<INIT_CONFIG>`      | blank or `{}`                                        |
| `<INSTANCE_CONFIG>`  | `{"prometheus_url": "http://%%host%%:2379/metrics"}` |

##### Log collection

> 
> _Available for Agent versions >6.0_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
